That is the worst mug
shot I have ever seen.
I have never understood
why law enforcement agencies
don't keep better
visual records.
You'd think they'd
be concerned
about little things
like making an accurate
identification.
The picture is
accurate enough
to establish that your customer
is Regana Tosh,
who is known
to be associated
with a Markalian
smuggling operation.
Really? Well, everyone
is welcome at Quark's.
I don't discriminate.
Just like Starfleet.
They have a
nondiscrimination
policy, too,
don't they, Commander?
I guess we have
something in common.
KIRA:
You have more in common
with a Rakonian swamp rat,
Quark.
Major. Always a delight
to see you here.
What can I get
for you?
Tarkalean tea.
But not, not too sweet
this time.
Catching up on some work?
Not exactly.
That man arrived
on the station
this afternoon and
came directly here.
I believe
the Ferengi bartender
is plotting something
with him.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Quark's always
up to something.
If he is
a known criminal,
why does your
Security Chief
not do anything
about him?
Odo keeps him in check.
Yes.
But not in prison.
BASHIR: Medical Officer's Log,
Stardate 49066.5.
Chief O'Brien and I have
concluded our bio-survey
of Merik III
in the Gamma Quadrant.
We are on course
back to the wormhole
and should arrive
at the station
two days ahead of schedule.
Keiko only spends
a few days at a time
on the station.
I'm the one living
in those quarters.
And if I want to set up
a little workshop
in the bedroom...
You set up a workshop
in the bedroom?
Yeah.
Well, I don't use it
when she's visiting.
Oh, of course not.
She says I'm
trying to live
"like a bachelor again,"
that I'm expressing
a "subconscious desire"
to push her out
of our quarters.
Now that is ridiculous.
That's what I said.
I mean,
if anything,
by spending your free time
in the bedroom--
a place you intimately associate
with Keiko--
you are actually
expressing
a desire to be closer to her
during her absence.
It's quite touching, really.
Exactly. Exactly!
See, you understand.
Why can't she see that?
Why can't she be more like...
More like...?
Well, a man.
More like a man.
So...
you wish...
Keiko was a man.
I wish I was on this trip
with someone else.
That's what I wish.
( laughs )
( console beeping )
We're picking up
a subspace
magneton pulse.
Bearing 090, mark 115.
The Bopak system.
What's a magneton pulse?
It's a burst
of polarized
magnetic energy.
It's usually produced
by a damaged warp core.
So there could be
a ship in trouble?
Possibly.
Let's take a look.
I'm having trouble pinpointing
the source of the plasma surge.
Too much EM interference
in the atmosphere,
but it's definitely
down there somewhere.
According to our records,
Bopak III is uninhabited.
The nearest Dominion outpost
is six weeks away,
and this system is well off
the established trade routes
in the Gamma Quadrant.
Strange place
for a ship
to set down, even if it was
having engine trouble.
Of course, it could be
an anomalous reading,
but I'd feel
a lot better
if we could...
Hold on.
There's some kind
of energy surge on...
( reverberating thud )
Wha-What the hell...?
We've been hit
by a plasma field.
We're losing main power.
Switching to auxiliary units.
The field's draining our power.
I can't break free.
We're losing altitude.
Send out a distress call.
I'll try and get us
down in one piece.
And the com system jammed!
I'm reading a
clearing up ahead.
I think we can make it.
Hold on.
( crash )
( sighs )
What a lovely place.
Smells like a garbage dump.
I'm sorry I couldn't find a
nicer place to crash-land.
Well, should
we try again?
( whoosh of active transport)
Do not move.
You are prisoners
of the Jem'Hadar.
Are there other Starfleet
ships with you?
Tell me.
There are no other
ships with us,
but if we don't return,
Starfleet will begin
looking for us.
When?
BASHIR:
Soon.
You're lying.
No other crew.
Standard Danube-class
runabout.
Some modification
to the phaser array
and shield generators.
Why were you in
this star system?
We picked up
a magneton pulse.
We thought there
might be a ship
in trouble, so we
altered our course...
Return to the ship.
Put a damping field
on our warp engine.
Human.
Gold uniform indicates
a specialty
in security or engineering.
Rank: Chief
Petty Officer.
You are what Starfleet
refers to as a "noncom."
That's right.
You must have a great deal
of experience.
I've been around.
That makes you
a priority target.
We will kill you first.
Human, rank of Lieutenant
with a specialty
in the sciences.
Doctor, actually.
Science
and medical officers
are low-priority
targets.
I submit
we execute this one
and use the other
in a tactical exercise.
No.
Bring them both back to camp.
Move.
WORF:
We cannot allow him
to continue
these criminal
activities.
I am fully aware
of Quark's activities,
and I'm conducting
a thorough investigation
of his connection
with the smuggler.
If you'll excuse me, Captain.
Of course.
I know Odo may do things
a little differently
than you're used to,
but he really is
very good at his job.
I'm not questioning
his competence.
How many years
were you in security,
Commander?
Seven.
Must be a hard habit to break.
I remain vigilant.
And I do encourage vigilance
in my officers.
But remember--
Odo is Chief of Security
on this station,
and you're the Strategic
Operations Officer.
Your primary duty
is to coordinate
all Starfleet activity
in this sector,
not to catch smugglers.
Understood.
I will not let this matter
interfere with my duties.
Very well.
Dismissed.
Does he look nervous
to you?
A bit distracted, yeah.
And at the runabout,
they seemed concerned
about being found here.
Something's going on.
I'd hate to think
what would make
the Jem'Hadar jumpy.
They need a doctor.
Someone's injured
or sick.
If that's true, Julian,
don't help them.
Anything that
weakens them
increases our chances
of getting out of here.
Come with me.
He stays.
You will work here.
Where are the patients?
There are no patients.
You are here to carry out
scientific research for us.
If you refuse,
I will have to kill you.
Do you understand?
And you need to understand
that I'm a Starfleet officer
and I won't do
any work for you
that might potentially be
used against the Federation
or any other race,
for that matter.
Now, if that's what you want,
you'll have to kill me.
Fortunately for you, weapons
research is not what I need.
There is a drug...
that all Jem'Hadar must have
in order to live.
We call it ketracel-white.
An isogenic enzyme.
You know about it?
I know that the Jem'Hadar
have been genetically engineered
by the Dominion to be addicted
to what you call ketracel-white.
And that by controlling
the supply of this drug,
the Founders
maintain control over you.
The Vorta, they are the ones
who control the drug.
They are the ones
we came here to escape.
Escape?
You're trying
to leave the Dominion?
Yes.
You disapprove.
No. I...
I'm just... just surprised.
Surprised
because a Jem'Hadar soldier
might want something more
than the life of a slave?
You know nothing
about the Jem'Hadar,
except that you fear us.
But...
you will make
our final escape
from the Dominion possible.
We have only enough white
to last another five days.
And you want me to try
and synthesize this drug?
No. We do not want
more of the drug.
We want to be free of it--
to break the addiction.
I'm not sure
that that's possible.
It is possible.
I know, because I am
free of the drug.
No supply tube.
I don't understand.
Your entire genetic structure
was designed to collapse
without the ketracel.
Why did you stop
taking the drug?
It was not by choice.
Three years ago,
I was on a ship
that crashed on this world.
The rest of the crew died,
and I was left
with only enough white
to sustain me for three days.
I rationed my
supply and managed
to stretch the drug out
for eight days,
and then it was gone,
and I was ready to die.
But death never came.
I lived here...
for 35 days without
a single drop of white.
Being here,
on this planet, cured me.
So that's why you
returned here--
to cure the rest
of your men as well.
But it hasn't worked, has it?
They still need the drug.
We have come
to the same place,
breathed the same air,
eaten the same food--
it should have
cured them as well.
That may be oversimplifying
the situation.
There may be
many factors--
I want you to see this.
Take the pain.
Show Goran'Agar
we're still Jem'Hadar.
( groaning )
You did not fall.
Feel pride in that.
As a Federation doctor,
I know you are trained
to feel sympathy
and compassion
for those in pain.
These men
are suffering now,
but it is nothing compared
to what will happen
if they are not freed
from the drug
before our supply runs out.
I can't promise anything.
Will you try?
I'll need Chief O'Brien's help.
Yes, I'll try.
Now give those men
what they need, please.
Second.
I've told them we have
enough white to last 27 days.
That is a lie.
There's only enough
to last five days.
You have
that long, Doctor.
After that,
they will die,
but not before they kill me
for betraying them
and you for not saving them.
The Klingons have
also attacked
three more outposts
along the Romulan border.
In short, they're
reasserting themselves
all over the Quadrant.
You'd think they'd be
a little less aggressive
after failing
to conquer Cardassia.
WORF:
If the invasion
was seen
as a failure, Gowron would have
been assassinated by now.
He simply declared victory
and returned home.
Now he's looking
for his next victory.
ODO:
Bajoran Intelligence
believes the Klingons
are searching for weaknesses
in the star systems
along their borders.
And when they find
an appropriately weak system,
they invade.
It's the same old story--
the strong survive,
and the weak perish.
We'll save that particular
debate for another time.
I want a complete briefing
every day
about the Klingon situation.
Dismissed.
May I speak
with you a moment?
I assume this
is about Quark.
He has made arrangements
to acquire a type IV
Tallonian
microscanner.
Has he?
The type IV
is primarily
used to determine the purity
of Tallonian crystals.
Which are illegal anywhere,
but on the Tallonian
homeworld.
Interesting.
I appreciate you bringing me
this information, Commander.
I expect him to be meeting
with the smuggler again
this evening.
That would seem likely.
You will arrest him when...
Thank you, Mr. Worf.
Rest assured I'll take
care of this matter.
How long until that
scanner's ready, Chief?
Uh, about 30 minutes.
I'm having trouble
with the transtater interface.
Maybe you should
take a look, sir.
( whispering ):
The plasma charge will have
an effective range
of about 15 meters.
That's pretty close.
Well, it's enough
to take care of the guard.
Once he's down,
I'll get his weapon.
We run like hell
for the runabout.
( normal voice ):
Good work, Chief.
Keep this up.
You may make a fine
officer someday.
Oh. Thank you, Lieutenant.
Coming from you,
that means a lot to me.
I know.
Carry on.
What have you found?
Well, uh, so far,
nothing I've tested
matches
the molecular structure
of the, uh, enzyme receptors
in your body,
but I did find
something promising
in one of
the native plants here.
Take a look at this.
Uh, as you can see,
there is
a high concentration
of chlorophyll in these plants,
which you wouldn't expect from
a planet orbiting a red giant.
When will you have the cure?
I'm not really sure... yet.
Three days left, Doctor.
What is this?
O'BRIEN:
That is something
I put together
to enhance the resolution
on that scanner.
( yells )
( grunts )
Ow!
Stay where you are.
Release him.
I said release him.
Let him go.
You know the penalty
for disobedience.
( gagging, coughing )
You have
a bruised trachea,
but there's no
permanent damage.
Return him
to the holding cell.
( coughing )
He cannot stand.
( groaning )
Heal his wound.
Well, it missed
the femoral artery,
but the knee joint's
been destroyed.
I can give you
something for the pain,
but I'll need a surgical
unit to replace this joint.
He'll have to stay
off this leg
until you can get him
to a medical facility.
If I cannot stand,
I am useless.
You are not going
to kill him.
This has nothing to do
with you, human.
When I am dead,
there will be more white
for the rest of the men.
No.
Take him back to the ship.
You know the rule.
If the death of one will
make the rest stronger,
then he dies.
GORAN'AGAR:
We came here to be
free of the Vorta.
It is time to stop
living by their rules.
Get back to work.
( knocking at door )
Come in.
QUARK:
Do you have it?
TOSH:
Of course.
You are supposed to be
watching the Ferengi.
I don't need you
to tell me
what I'm supposed
to be doing.
I saw him inspecting
the crystals.
You had an opportunity
to arrest him.
I perform my duties
as I see fit.
You do not seem to be
performing them at all.
Frankly, Commander, I'm not
interested in your opinion
of my job
performance.
Now I suggest you attend
to your own duties
and stop interfering in mine.
Remarkable.
Your body is producing
the exact amount
of ketracel-white
you need to survive.
But I can't find
where it's coming from.
There don't appear to be
any glands or cell clusters
producing the enzyme.
Mind you, your entire
metabolism defies belief.
The growth rate of the Jem'Hadar
children is extraordinary.
You have seen
our children?
We found a newborn
on the station once.
He was fully grown
in three days.
I would like to have seen
a group of humans
try to control
a Jem'Hadar child.
Well, we couldn't.
All he wanted to do
was fight and kill.
If it wasn't for Odo,
I don't know what
we would have done.
Odo...
is the Founder
on your space station.
That's right.
I have never seen
a Founder.
Never?
To us, they are
almost a myth.
But everyone
in the Dominion,
even the Vorta,
serve the Founders.
I have fought against races
that believe in mythical beings
who guide their destinies
and await them after death.
They call them gods.
The Founders are like gods
to the Jem'Hadar.
But...
our gods never talk to us,
and they don't wait for us
after death.
They only want us
to fight for them
and to die for them.
BASHIR:
He's beginning to question
everything he's been taught--
blind obedience
to the Founders
killing without remorse
and the devaluation of
other sentient life-forms.
He's developing his
own moral structure.
It's incredible!
Or maybe that's what he
wants you to believe.
Think about it, Julian.
What did he say to you?
"Federation doctors are trained
to feel compassion
and sympathy."
He's manipulating you!
He wants you
to work hard
and stop trying
to escape.
What about saving the life
of the wounded Jem'Hadar?
I saw the look
on their faces.
They were shocked
at his behavior.
I'm telling you,
he's changing.
All right, let's
say you're right,
and he's turning
into a nice guy.
What are you getting at?
I think we should
cooperate with him--
help him in what he's doing.
What?!
What makes Goran'Agar
different from the others?
He's not addicted to the drug.
Now, if we can get the other
Jem'Hadar soldiers off the drug,
they may go through
a similar change.
And with the Jem'Hadar soldiers
thinking for themselves,
the Founders may
suddenly find themselves
without an army
to give orders to.
You're just guessing.
You don't know how
the other Jem'Hadar
will react when
they're off the drugs.
They may go marauding through
the galaxy on their own.
At least now, the Dominion
keeps them on a short leash.
They're not animals!
They're people being
used as slaves.
And this is their one
chance at freedom.
And what are they going
to do with that freedom?
Stop being so naive,
Julian,
and look at them
for what they are.
They're killers.
That's all they
know how to do
that's all they want to do.
But they have the potential
to be so much more.
Goran'Agar
has shown them that.
They just need our help.
Well, then they should
have asked for our help,
instead of shooting us down
and threatening to kill us.
But they didn't know
why we were coming.
They probably thought
we were trying to attack.
I can't believe
you're making excuses for them.
I'm trying
to make you understand
there are larger issues here.
We're dealing
with a complex situation.
No, it is not complex.
It is simple.
Those men out there
are Dominion soldiers.
We help them, we may end up
unleashing the Jem'Hadar
against the Federation,
and that is a risk
I am not willing
to take!
So we do not help them.
And that's the end of it.
No, that is not the end of it.
I am the senior officer here,
and I have decided
what we're going to do.
Now, I need the biospectral
phase discriminator
from the runabout's
sensor array.
I haven't got the technical
skills to remove it,
so I'm ordering you to do it.
Now, is that clear?
Yes, sir.
How long will this take?
A few minutes.
Your escape plan
was flawed.
Obviously.
I got caught.
Even if you had killed
the guard,
you never would have reached
the runabout.
I guess we'll never know that.
I know.
I'm sure you do.
You're not like
the other human.
We have our differences.
You don't like helping us.
No, I don't.
Good.
I don't like it, either.
Well, I'm glad
we understand each other.
Slowly.
Now, put it down.
( sighs ):
Nothing.
I can find nothing in
the atmosphere, the soil,
the water, the plant
or the animal life
that is remotely compatible
to your cellular structure
or your DNA.
Maybe you were exposed
to some anomalous
conditions four years ago
that no longer exist--
a magnetic storm,
solar radiation,
volcanic gases.
No.
Everything is as it was
four years ago.
The planet is the same.
The conditions
are the same!
The answer must be here.
There is no
other explanation
for what happened to me.
Maybe there is
an explanation.
Maybe nothing happened
to you on this planet.
Maybe you were never addicted
to this drug at all.
But I took white
all my life.
But maybe you didn't need it.
It's possible
that your DNA structure
underwent
a random mutation that...
He's escaped.
How?
Using their ship's transporter.
They planned
this together.
Do you know where O'Brien is?
No.
Deploy the men in a standard...
He's lying.
He's been lying for days.
There is no cure here.
Even if there was,
he wouldn't give it to you.
There is a cure.
I am the proof.
Now, deploy the men in
a standard search pattern.
Find O'Brien and return him
to the holding area alive.
Alive?
Are you questioning me?
I knew you once, trusted you,
obeyed you without question,
but now you're like this human--
weak,
soft, inferior.
If being free
of white means
becoming like you...
I don't want to be cured.
What'll happen
to O'Brien?
There is nothing
we can do for him.
My men will
no longer obey me.
You have to
find him first
and keep him alive
until I can find a cure.
If I go,
there will be no one here
to guard you.
I will not try to escape.
I give you my word.
I will do what I can.
I've been saving this
for a special occasion.
Tonight certainly qualifies.
How'd you manage to get these
out of the Tallonian system?
I have my resources.
A hundred percent pure.
Well worth twice
the price I'm asking.
I don't know if I'd go that far.
Trafficking
in illegal merchandise
is a felony under
Federation law.
What's he doing here?
A very good question.
I was just about to arrest
these criminals.
I should arrest you
for interfering
in my investigation.
Will someone tell me
what is going on here?
Odo, why did you not tell me
what you were doing?
I don't report to you,
Commander,
and I don't spread the word
when I'm conducting
an undercover investigation.
I also thought
that your surveillance
would make the setup
more convincing.
I'm not interested in this man.
He was supposed to complete
the transaction
and take the latinum
back to his ship,
so that I could infiltrate
the entire Markalian
smuggling operation.
Now I suppose I'll have
to settle for the middleman.
If you gentlemen
are finished
with this little fiasco,
I'd like to tidy up.
Quark!
ODO:
On your feet.
Let's go.
( Jem'Hadar voices approaching)
( device beeping steadily )
( beeping erratically )
I've lost the signal.
Spread out.
( beeping )
( groans )
Chief!
Where's the guard?
Everyone's out looking for you.
Good.
Anything else around here
we can use as a weapon?
No?
Let's get moving.
It's only 300 meters
to the runabout,
but those guys move fast.
Chief, I'm not going.
What the hell do you mean,
you're not coming?
I'm onto something here.
With a little more time,
I think--
I don't care
what you think.
This is our one chance
to get out of here,
and we've got to take it.
And it's also our one chance
to break their addiction.
Julian, even if
you find a cure,
they're going
to kill you anyway.
That's not true.
Goran'Agar--
Forget about him.
What about all the others?
They're still a bunch
of bloodthirsty--
Look, we haven't got enough
time to argue about this.
If you want to go, go.
All right.
I will.
But you're coming with me.
There.
You can bring me up on
charges when we get back,
but there's nothing
to keep you here now.
So let's get going.
( growls )
( grunts )
You did this?
Yes.
I did.
Move... both of you.
This won't--
No discussion!
Move!
BASHIR:
There still might be a way
if I had another sample
of your blood.
There is no more time.
The supply of white
will run out tomorrow.
( clanging and grunting )
( growling )
You caught him.
I shouldn't
have doubted you.
Should we kill them ourselves
or let the others?
I will do the killing.
Take your ship and go.
Goran'Agar, if you stay here,
they'll kill you.
Unless I kill them first.
It would be better
for them to die
quickly in battle,
than slowly
as the drug runs out.
You don't have to do this.
Even if we can't
save their lives,
there's no need to
sacrifice yourself.
You are a soldier?
I have been.
Then you explain.
He's their Commander.
They trusted him.
He can't leave them.
Julian.
( door chimes )
Come in.
Captain, there's
some information
I would like to add
to Security Chief Odo's
last report.
He did not feel
it was necessary
to include the details
of my involvement, but...
I think you should know that I
hindered his investigation.
Yes, I heard what happened.
Please, sit.
Word gets around
in a place like this.
It's one of the things
you have to get used to.
One of many things, it seems.
Starfleet officers
often have trouble
learning the
unofficial rules
of the station.
There's no manual
to study.
You have to learn
things as you go.
A little different
than life on a starship.
When I served
aboard the Enterprise,
I always knew
who were my allies
and who were my enemies.
Let's just say DS9
has more shades of gray,
and Quark definitely is
a shade of... gray.
He has his own set of rules,
and he follows
them diligently.
Once you understand them,
you understand Quark.
I'd say that's true
for... everyone here.
You'll fit in, Commander.
Just give it time.
Kira to Rubicon.
Docking Platform 2 is open.
Welcome back, gentlemen.
Thanks, Major.
You can bring me up
on charges, you know.
Well, that's not
really my style.
I wish things could have
been different, Julian.
So do I.
And I'm sorry I had
to destroy your work.
You didn't have to, Chief.
You had a choice,
and you chose
to disobey orders,
override my judgment,
and condemn those men to death.
Yes, I did...
because I thought it was
the only way to save your life.
Whatever else
you may think
of who I am
and what I did,
at least try to understand that.
Tonight's supposed to be
our weekly darts game.
Don't worry.
I don't feel
much like playing either.
Maybe in a few days.